right now I'm going to teach you how to
play dance with the devil by Immortal
Technique the dance with the devil is
just a remake of the song that was from
the from the love story love story a
movie from the 60s and it's just a
remake of that he took that and he just
changed the key a little bit and remade
it but the right hand on the Mortal
techniques dance with the devil goes B
c-sharp d-sharp
B B so you got me a sharp a sharp B be a
shirt a shirt now here he puts a little
turn in there he goes C sharp d sharp C
sharp C sharp and back to a sharp so he
starts here ends right there I'm gonna
slow it down and do it again B C sharp d
sharp e sharp is like a number sign in
in writing it's a little number sign and
if the if it's a sharp it's above the
white note so this is a D sharp because
it's above the white note this is a C
sharp and since we're in a sharp key
I'll call this an a sharp normally we
would call this a B flat but it's an a
sharp in this in this spelling so we got
B C sharp d sharp B D thanks your
t-shirt D a D sharp C sharp d sharp C
sharp C sharp a sharp a sharp I'm going
to play it up to temple the only thing
I'm going to say is that for me it works
better to put to tuck my thumb in under
here when I kept up my thumb in and then
I changed this finger to do the turn
so I start off with my little finger and
it's mostly right here so I'm going to
spill slowly now I'm going to go to the
left hand left hand he only uses three
notes a G sharp d sharp G sharp a sharp
and he goes through three sharp sure
so if you put it together now let's go
slowly so you've got a G sharp and a D
sharp in your left hand G sharp G sharp
and a G and a d sharp and then you just
put the hands together
hope you enjoy that and hope you're able
to play it you should be able to play
that song that little immortal technique
rap pretty quickly and you can go for
the transcription of that you can go to
letter note player comm and download it
with the letters and be able to look at
it and pick it out